---
layout: post
title: "Life and School and Stuff"
date: 2015-06-23
categories: life random non-technical omahacodeschool
---

Over the weekend we finished up a web-based inventory managment program. Correction: I didn't get much _actual_ work done on code over the weekend, but I went into über-productive mode on Monday and got so much accomplished that it didn't matter. My brain likes to set up road blocks for me sometimes, and I've been trying to work out ways around them rather than trying to force my way to the solution because usually that just ends with me frustrated, unhappy, and stressed. I won't say that solutions just magically appear while I am sleeping or watching TV, but stepping away for a period of time to do something that I can lose myself in, like watching tv, reading a book, or playing a game with my son, kind of reboots my brain so that when I come back to the computer I can look at things with a fresh perspective and perhaps see an approach that was previously hidden from view. 

Today we started a new project, and though we didn't do much coding, I felt like I accomplished quite a bit. The project requirements are a little more detailed than this, but most of the detail is in how we check in periodically with our progress: "You'll think up an idea, write the specs, design the database, enlist the help of an outside service, and build the UX." I had my idea almost instantly. As someone who normally agonizes over coming up with ideas, this was nothing short of a miracle. I knew we were going to have to come up with some project ideas before school started, so for weeks I have been periodically jotting down ideas as they come to me during lectures or while working on other projects. 

I got so much work done today that I _almost_ didn't feel terrible leaving early so that I could go to one of my two favorite tae kwon do classes today. I love going to the classes on Tuesdays and Fridays at 5:30 because they are always empty, or nearly so. Most of the other adult students are black belts, and as a brand-new green belt (6th kup) who is still sometimes shaky on spin kicks and sucks at free sparring, it can be quite intimidating to be in a class with a dozen or so black belts. I made progress on my forms today though, and one of the other students, a 2nd dan black belt, gave me a rather lovely compliment on the progress I have made with my kicks. 

After class I took the kid to B&N for a book, because tonight I started my vow to not watch TV during the week...we will see how long that lasts. Netflix is an evil temptress.

I did not mean for this blog post to become a play-by-play of a random Tuesday afternoon, but here we are. Cheers!